Yes It is grass tv after bathing It is already hot It can be used to bath already
It's about but today is October
Today iij expired strange of contract and say that it has something of Yes is 30 days of Usotsuke Chi month
Masu um little Yes Hey care
Almost almost four in today but the release did you is that you want to go full this month, it is the last day
We used 5 giga things in the state that we did not use at all from the middle of the moon
Now this is the other end of the range , so this is not the end of the end of the month
Let us work at the end If you want to set the speed of the line first
I think now it's lt It 's time to start measurement Let's go
It 's high-speed line this
Uda 3
Bad and whether these do
Down is 1.13 eyes is up
13 Mega
To 1.13 Well fast down
Now with money in the war
Switch to low-speed mode
I'll take a close look and use it
Yes Continued Now it's up to you How to return this book
Shifting is slow for people who are slow
The slow mode for ia Jemi is already 200 kbps
Now I'm out of 300
I wonder if the climb is 250 for the first time
What is your favorite 520?
Is that so
Let's say the daily routine that the down payment 300 up does not result 520
I think that there are a lot of people who really wander in mvno
road
Hmm
How is it
Yet?
Yes
The down is 360 and the up is 420
Well, let's play this on youtube
Please
sound of
I ca n't go out yet I ca n't go out yet
We are asked to wait mecha have long hair Harima'
It's not good to say that power is around
Yet this is Takon'na feeling now
At no time being I playback starts Somaa Well, that's ...
It is a place where it is made in the chart, so maybe this
720 was changed without any p not it
The animation of that book is sound and the playback is falling off
But Well somehow I look in that situation
If this is a low-speed connection , then the 500 kbps of the ocn mobile one
let's do it
I will replace the sim after the router
Measurement start position
Mobile ocn is 500 kbps of contract ne
It's a plan called Arono Cuirob's pace, but it's coming out a lot
Up is complete change in you You're down is 740 kbps do not have that much less than it
I think you are also out of cormorants is 22 th This will taste the same road of just an old saver of cemetery
It is not smart even round and round
But while I'm waiting, I already have a 500 kbps team.
Yes
It is an annual work earlier than it gets faster
twenty three
I think the waiting time is early
But
I really just said that
There is no mind that 500 kg gps So not be helped somewhat even first, but 's are competing
Is not there
That there is no such a stress Tteyuu not have to wait What 's in the high-speed line
In my Hamou mobile reason this Koshi Gardens
May
I will say that I'm going to come in. How will everyone be judged?
Well that's right, my life is so bad
By and without Well or hereabouts Hen everyone is this you live environment because I think at the gym
We think that it is different, but let's you collect information in twitter or various places
It is
Well check
Measure is possibly location change same scene was at all but here is a good help is me
There may be something like
It would be helpful to think that if you can go there, I think it is a big job
Please don't get stuck in my condition anymore, really I hope you bother
Please put on me too I already
It's good, it's good already, for the time being, the support is also grayish
You have to give my best only for the time being you reported that in April end of the month mean that
It was a day, Yamada Seal
Nice nice nice nice nice nice nice nice nice nice nice nice